Jane:    “Short Plains Nigger.”
Jane:    “Why why why?” Shut the fuck up and maybe you’ll find out.
Jane:    (Approaches Andy) You’re one sick fuckin’ customer.
Jane:    (belches) Ah. Now that’s fucking progress.
Jane:    (belligerently) How the fuck do I know who it fuckin’ looks like? It’s dark! She holsters her gun and puts her hat back on. Jesus Christ, come upon a person unawares in a fuckin’ graveyard. (pauses, speaks gently) I heard you wuz back in the camp. I heard you and that Bullock got the cocksucker came for Bill.
Jane:    (chuckles, sits) What’s that to you?
Jane:    (Closing door) I ain’t here for any funny business. My name’s Jane Cannary. You and me got a pain-in-the-balls mutual acquaintance, Charlie fucking Utter.
Jane:    (Comes out of the cell) Yeah, I’m gonna be Queen Hooker. You’re a keen fuckin’ student of the human scene, Charlie! (She heads for the door) 
Jane:    (Crying) He scared me, Charlie! I ain’t been scared like that since I was a little girl.
Jane:    (Crying) Leave her! Leave her. Leave her, leave her alone, you cocksucker! Do it to me if you have to! (Al walks past Jane – leaving).
Jane:    (enters) Yeah, hello.
Jane:    (eyes Trixie, confused) Anyways.
Jane:    (Get up, picks up her saddle bag, bed roll and rope) If the subject comes up, explain to Bill.
Jane:    (growling) Drink it! 
Jane:    (Hawks and spits, Joanie turns her head away) Nah, that’s all right. (Starts to get up) Uh, that cocksucker you spoke to me of come from here last night with a bloody fucking mug.
Jane:    (heading for the door) Trouble jumps off, ring the bell. That’ll bring me fucking running.
Jane:    (Holds out the bottle) Want a drink?
Jane:    (Laughing) Anyways, How’d it, How’d it go with Bullock?
Jane:    (laughs) I, uh…woke up on the dirt in the fucking graveyard, questioning dusk or dawn.
Jane:    (Looks at him for a moment – smacks him with the back her hand in the stomach) Do you mock me, cocksucker?
Jane:    (Looks to Seth – his eyes are closed) Put him to sleep.
Jane:    (Mocking as iff to read the board he holds) Fuck yourself with a fist punch up your ass, today, at the present moment. (She thwaps him in the stomach and stalks off) I gotta go.
Jane:    (nods) “Short nigger” is a deal, and I am a girl who keeps a bargain. Or I could just call you plain “Nigger General.”
Jane:    (pauses again—really not sure what the fuck Trixie is talking about) Shaping up to be a nice cool evening. (pauses, looks at Trixie, who is staring angrily up at the balcony) Maybe he has a good side to him too that I entirely fucking missed. It’s always fucking possible, drunk as I am fucking continuously (She smiles at Trixie, steps away, waving) It’s nice to see you. 
Jane:    (pauses, looks at Trixie) I’m gonna get whiskey.
Jane:    (Puts her whip away and walks over to Bill and Charlie) I expect I'll be there before sundown.
Jane:    (Ripping clothes for bandages with her teeth) Yeah, hello. No one’s croaked today. Tommy’s took fuckin’ sick and the Doc’ll be back I guess whenever he fuckin’ feels like it. I see your fuckin’ eyes are still playin’ tug o’ war.
Jane:    (Rolling up Bill’s robe) You got a better chance waking up looking normal. (Charlie enters) Hi, Charlie.
Jane:    (scatching her ass) “Custer was a cunt. The end.” Yo, a piss puddle. Must not have seen that when seating myself.
Jane:    (Scoffs) Hardware Jew at less than full force, now they’ll be fucking quaking.
Jane:    (Sees Dan walkin’ with the Doc, holding his elbow) Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ, Charlie! Have we been asleep at the switch?
Jane:    (Shakes her head a little and waves him off) Good luck with your fuckin’ day sellin’ hats. (knocks on Alma’s door.) It’s Jane! (Sophia opens the door) Oh, my God.
Jane:    (She smiles, looks at the coat, lays back down) Thank you, Charlie. 
Jane:    (Shrugs her shoulders, she looks near tears) It’s gettin’ the upper fuckin’ hand on me, Charlie. (teary eyed)
Jane:    (Singing) ♪Row, row, row your boat♪
Jane:    (Situates her gun, groaning) Keepin’ half-assed vigil after the fact.
Jane:    (skeptical) Are you drunk?
Jane:    (Smiling at Bill) 'Scuse my ill humor. Certain people wear on my fuckin' nerves.
Jane:    (sneaking up behind Mose) Good, peek. So if one of ‘em sees you, they give up attendance forever.
Jane:    (softly) I don’t know, Charlie. (more jovially) Anyways, people don’t scare me past speakin’, I come up here nights, tell ‘im the fuckin’ news.
Jane:    (sorrowful) Jesus Christ!
Jane:    (Stammering) Oh—I—I will say that’s a attitude fit for darkness…not knowin’ what else to say, or pretendin’ that it ain’t familiar. (Joanie nods) Anyways, I’m—fuck. I’m pleased to meet you, pleased to meet you.
Jane:    (Steps closer) “Whose horse it was” what?
Jane:    (Stumbles through her thoughts, considering the offer. She points at Joanie) I get top fuckin’ dollar. (chuckles.)
Jane:    (Takes a sip, looks around) Oh, Christ, are we arrested?
Jane:    (through clenched teeth) I’m keeping my eyes shut but I’ll know every fucking move you make! I’ll have you further promise, that you won’t forage in my remains after I’m dead, as you obviously don’t scruple from that type of sick behavior.
Jane:    (To Charlie) What in the hell do you mean by that? That I enjoy a fuckin' drink? I wasn't aware that's outlawed?
Jane:    (To the crowd) Where's Bill Hickok? Where's Charlie Utter? Give me a drink!
Jane:    (To the Metz's) Do you know a back way into the camp?
Jane:    (Turns her head to Hugo, sneering) Lie on your back, take aim and piss.
Jane:    (Walking away, yelling, but not looking back) And do not worry about getting’ paid back. Check the mail, Charlie, and you will find soon proper payment.
Jane:    (Walks across the street, stops in front of the hotel and shouts to EB) I’m back.
Jane:    (Whispering) I can’t (??) what I don’t know about.
Jane:    (whispering) It’s the damn underwear.
Jane:    (whispering) Rely that something fucked has transpired…(Martha looks at the children) With Mose God knows where, and me likely needed in camp.
Jane:    (Yelling as she turns around and starts to head across the thoroughfare.) Do not instruct me how to spend my day…or to itemize for you my crowded itinerary…you tub of blubber and guts!
Jane:    (Yelling to no one in particular) It's only Wild Bill Hickok you got stalled here in the muck! You ignorant fuckin' cunts.
Jane:    A few fuckin’ things history proves: you sit still, you fuckin’ memorize, you repeat back what you fuckin’ learn, or, choosing otherwise, you display your knuckles to be struck fuckin’ bloody on the fuckin’ desk! (Slaps the water.)
Jane:    Accepted, open your yap! Hey! Open up! More for me anyhow.
Jane:    Ah, alright. Now, down there is Doc Cochran’s office. (points to her left) If that limey cocksucker (points to her right) comes for that little girl (points to left), I got him triangulated. If he comes from that way (points to right) I got him, and if he comes from that way…(points to left) I got him. (Looks at Charlie – he joins her on the corner.)
Jane:    Ah, wait in your room. It, it’ll take him a while to get the phlegm situated.
Jane:    Ah…Nigger General’s got a wild horse on his hands. 
Jane:    Ain’t it always a trial picking out the gown best conceals you fucking pissed yourself? 
Jane:    Ain’t you Clever to see through the subterfuge.
Jane:    Ain’t you gonna cut?
Jane:    All right, Charlie. Thanks.
Jane:    All right. Thank—thank—thank you.
Jane:    Alright, then, see you later! (Turns quickly to leave, Joanie steps onto the porch.)
Jane:    Alright. (She heads off)
Jane:    And Charlie to help me find that little girl the very night I got scared and run, and the both of us sung a round to her, and then you went ahead and kissed me.
Jane:    And equal to the taks, believe you fucking me. Not that I wouldn’t have regretted them children having to witness. (She tries to take off her boots.) Can I tell you something?
Jane:    And I am suggesting an improved way of dealing with it, which is how progress occurs.
Jane:    And I’m gonna fucking take it! I’m raising the general fuckin’ question.
Jane:    And if account of the mishap circulates, I will know the fucking source.
Jane:    And the reason we risked bringin’ her into camp…
Jane:    And the word for that is malingering.
Jane:    And who will look out for you against that gut-stabbed cocksucker, weaving schemes from his coming to Jesus?
Jane:    And you not only a fucking pain in the balls, Charlie, but also the strangest fucking person I ever met.
Jane:    Any fucking domicile but the graveyarn suits me fine. Don’t you worry about me. I got things taken care of over here.
Jane:    Anyways ah, I’m glad to see this little one in good condition and talking to boot.
Jane:    Anyways, I ain’t here to teach ya any fuckin’ manners. I was wonderin’ about the child.
Jane:    Anyways, um, I was a scout for Armstrong Custer.
Jane:    Are you the fucking cocksucker?
Jane:    Aren’t you wise, fuckin’ owl.
Jane:    As if I’d credit any opinions of yours on the subject of health.
Jane:    As residence and workplace is my meaning.
Jane:    Asked for unguent by secret thinking for the beating she was giving my hand.
Jane:    Assuming the unlikely need.
Jane:    Aw, Jesus. (She’s groaning with the effort of trying to reach for her stirrup, in order to get herself access to the rope on her foot. Doc reaches her…)
Jane:    Aww! Outflanked by a boy half my size. Next time I’ll get you, James.
Jane:    Be fucked! (Jane enters the hotel)
Jane:    Believe me, anyone tries gettin’ in here is not you is gonna be damn fuckin’ sorry.
Jane:    Believe me, we're stuck here a fuckin' while.
Jane:    Bullshit! How can you say we’ve been sending secret thought messages and pretend you didn’t know?
Jane:    Charlie avenged your fuckin’ murder.
Jane:    Charlie read me the telegram, then I seen ‘em come into camp. My exact fucking thought, “Look, Jane, two dead Niggers leading a dead fucking horse.” 
Jane:    Charlie Utter of “Utter Charlie and Freight.”
Jane:    Charlie’s right for the first time in months. Fucking Steve. The exact type malicious cocksucker tars every fucking drunk with his brush. 
Jane:    Check with Utter Mail and Charlie Freight!
Jane:    Clam-on-a-half-shell-looking-goddamned fool! (yells) I’m embarrassed to say I know you! (normal) Supposed intelligent woman holding with rank superstition. (Mose coughs, Joanie enters the room, holding some clothes.)
Jane:    Cocksuckers! (She flops back down onto her horse’s neck)
Jane:    Come on, you fucknut. (She holds a spoon of mush up to his mouth) Without a day’s education, medical or otherwise, I vouchsafe this fucking truth: Those as don’t eat without exception fail to survive. (Steve doesn’t move. She gives up and throws the spoon back in the pan and stands.) Fuck ya. (She puts the pan down and grabs her gun belt, strapping it back on.) He’s all yours.
Jane:    Congratulations being closed! (She walks off.) 
Jane:    Did I just fucking say I was movin’ in there?
Jane:    Did you just kill that girl in the Chez Amie?
Jane:    Didn’t happen to put one right between the shithead’s eyes now did ya, Bill?
Jane:    Direction of this entire camp makes me sick, and it bores the livin’ shit out of me.
Jane:    Do not fuckin’ worry about me. And inform Hostetler at the fuckin’ livery you saved his fuckin’ life.
Jane:    Do ya think she’d want company?
Jane:    Do you mind…if I stay here tonight?
Jane:    Do you talk this low when you’re teaching the children?
Jane:    Does Charlie know about Bill?
Jane:    Does he have any animals in there?
Jane:    Does he pose a further danger to you, the cocksucker? That’s—that’s what got you sitting in the dark.
Jane:    Does road agents work for him?
Jane:    Does that Mose Manuel horrify the children?
Jane:    Don’t apologize to me. I don’t even fuckin’ know ya! You want a drink a whiskey? And no lip in the bottle but I got a pretty steady pourin’ hand.
Jane:    Don’t fuckin’ look around! I don’t care who sees a nigger drinkin’ with me or drinkin’ from the same bottle or how…stupid his fucking outfit is.
Jane:    Don’t get me started. Do not get me started, Little Nigger General.
Jane:    Don’t go nowhere on my account. I’m a fuckin’ floor sleeper anyway. 
Jane:    Dumb fucking luck it must have been me living this long without your fuckin’ guidance.
Jane:    Every day takes figuring out all over again how to fucking live.
Jane:    Exposin’ them to being terrified only when they use the privy.
Jane:    Feel this little one’s forehead.
Jane:    Fella in Livingstone went sweet on me. Finnish fella from Finland, hardly spoke fucking English. Brought me flowers and some dry food they like there. And, uh, one night, he takes my arm and he starts in and he, uh, whispers in his Finland accent, (Whispers) “I want to suck your cock.” (She laughs, Charlie, not having heard the punchline, just looks at her. Seth isn’t much for laughing and joking (big surprise) and he doesn’t react either.) What do you fucking think of that? (She looks at Charlie, proud, hands on hips – she was mistaken for a man! Come on guys, isn’t that something? Funny at least? Guys? Hey, Guys?)
Jane:    Fella in the woods I see to say hello to has it. Unless he caught it from a trout. I figured, some in the camp could be down with it, too.
Jane:    From outside, at your post near the shitter.
Jane:    Fuck you and fuck the rooms you rent. I’m callin’ on the widow and the little one in her care. And if I was you, or any cocksucker with ya, I wouldn’t try to stop me.
Jane:    Fuck you. Fuck you! (She drops her broom and runs out the back door.) 
Jane:    Fucking violence, probably. (Shakes her head, Joanie sighs and sits.) I worked a plague tent last year.
Jane:    Get out of my fucking light.
Jane:    Get up, get the Doc, and tell him he’s got a live one! Tell him, too, his rupture patient left here to convalesce at his own fuckin’ place, you give him a shoulder to lean on as he was gettin’ the fuck out. (Leon gets up and grabs Con. Jane walks over to Mose, smiling at Joanie.) Next time he opens his eyes, he’s gonna think he died and went to heaven.
Jane:    Gimme that fuckin’ thing, and keep the fuckin’ contents to yourself!
Jane:    Gives ‘em bad dreams at night?
Jane:    Go away, Charlie.
Jane:    Go Away! Congratulations on bein’ a big fuckin’ deal.
Jane:    Go on, Reverend. (Doc straightens up.) Doc’s tired too, only reason he’s talkin’ so fuckin’ harsh.
Jane:    Goddamn you, Preacher, don’t start talkin’ crazy to go with everything else.
Jane:    Good for him. Good for you. Did ya tell her so?
Jane:    Good, cuz I’m gonna monitor your activities, find out what you do weighs so heavy on your fuckin’ conscience. When I first come on you in the woods, all’s you could say was “I apologize.” (Andy grunts bemusedly. Doc returns with the clothes) Afore you exhibit your johnson, I’m gonna see to this fella. S’long. Good luck to ya.
Jane:    Good! (Groans, pulling herself to her feet) Ahhh…anyways, he told me…at rifle point you was okay.
Jane:    Good. She’s nappin’. More than I can say for you.
Jane:    Goodbye, Charlie, goodbye. Have a good fuckin’ trip. Shut the fuck up. ‘Cause it so happens when you return—if no trees or animals killed you that you were fucking driving crazy with criticism—you will find I’ve moved out of this shitbox so I don’t have to fucking embarrass you or fucking have you hovering over me like the ugliest fucking nurse in the fucking universe. (She enters the lock-up, pushing Charlie aside. He slams the cell door behind her.)
Jane:    Greasy-haired limey cocksucker! That runs the Gem saloon.
Jane:    He don’t give a fuck all for fairness! He just don’t want me in here.
Jane:    He is a fucking cocksucker.
Jane:    He never knocked on the damn door. By the time I looked out he was already snoring. Did you want me to drag him in by the damn heel?
Jane:    He runs the livery?
Jane:    He was no great fucking man! (Fields chuckles) He was a long-haired cocksucker that could have saved many lives by more drinking and stop being so fucking ambitious, and many still above ground and not scalped by the fucking heathens and their guts spread over the plains. (Fields looks back at her.) You’re a short nigger, aren’t you?
Jane:    He’s the cardsharp told be about Bill. I’d punch that cocksucker in the balls before I’d cup ‘em for comfort. (She puts the pitchforks aside and approaches Mose.) Alright, Slim. (Mose wheezes, Jane wrings out a cloth. Leon approaches Joanie and leans over to her.)
Jane:    He’s up. I hope you’re happy. Congratulations, cocksucker.
Jane:    Hell, yes, he had a design. Charlie and me spirited her from camp, forced him to a second victim more suitable to his cocksucker’s purpose.
Jane:    Here comes some more pain. 
Jane:    Here comes some pain for you. (She pulls a strip of tar off his shoulder. He groans.) You ever think of screaming instead of biting through your own fucking flesh?
Jane:    Here’s another one for ya.
Jane:    Hey, fucknut! What you got in that suitcase?
Jane:    Hey, we ain’t done fuckin’ dancing!
Jane:    Hey! Hey somebody! (Jane is approaching the test with the next patient)
Jane:    Hey. My best friend died. The man I had my best friend feelin’ about in the world. Took as he found you, thought the best a you. Sweet to me!
Jane:    His showin’ makes two different things. Between the coward and the lapse of momentary fear.
Jane:    Hot! (Shouts) Hot! (Joanie enters) I mean, I know it’s supposed to be, but I ain’t fuckin’ used to it.
Jane:    How about that stud he brought into camp with his cock hanging past his hocks?
Jane:    How does standing in my own puke prompt you to volunteer me to give a condolence call?
Jane:    How is that little one the limey cocksucker nearly killed? Still in the care of the widow Garret? (Seth stands up)
Jane:    How's your headache?
Jane:    How’d ya leave it with the cocksucker, Bill?
Jane:    How’s that little one?
Jane:    I ain’t afraida newness…(She tentatively steps into the bath) It’s the blisters give me pause. (She slowly lowers herself into the water-jumping up) Ow! I burned my fuckin’ snatch! (She stands, holding herself)
Jane:    I ain’t judging anyone, I was seekin’ information!
Jane:    I ain’t scared to die. I ain’t scared of nobody. (Al chuckles and turns back to the bed where Sophia is still asleep) Hey, you, you, you get away, get away from her! Le-le-leave that little one alone! Leave her alone!
Jane:    I am a creature of habit and routine. And I am a creature of difficulty falling asleep. If I don’t mind pissing myself to stay asleep, I’m not likely to destroy a habit routinely sleeping someplace completely elsewhere. 
Jane:    I am going blind as a fuckin’ bat. Who is that, the fuckin’ Sheriff? Flanked by some assholes? (She turns, sees that Fields is no longer there.)
Jane:    I am talking about nurse of the plague, fucking tent operation. Caring of the sick in the fuckin’ tent!
Jane:    I believe that. But I don’t want to open my eyes. But you can go ahead and kiss me if that’s what you fucking do. 
Jane:    I came to shit in the privy, which is where you’re supposed to be during school hours.
Jane:    I can’t hear you!
Jane:    I can’t worry about her right now. Can you just help me lug in the fucking water? I’m for the day off the bottle and about to bathe.
Jane:    I cannot hear you, nor can I see you any longer. (Mose grabs her.)
Jane:    I did lose my fuckin’ best friend, you know?
Jane:    I do! I do! I can’t get to enough of ‘em!
Jane:    I don’t know any Samuel Fields.
Jane:    I dreamed last night I was clamoring up a fucking creek bank, which is often required of a drunk. It was dark, and I couldn’t tell where I was till I cleared the bank and came face to face with Charlie Utter’s ugly mug. Now Charlie’s, as usual, on the lookout for Bill that’s, as usual too, losing at poker inside the joint we’re outside of. “Where are we, Charlie?” And this could be any fucking place the last number of years. And he said, “Jane, don’t you know this is the Number Ten Saloon here in the camp where Bill’s gonna fucking get killed soon?” “Jesus Chri—how do you know, Charlie?” I asked him. He said, “Don’t you know,” he says, “Some point we know these fucking things? Don’t you know the world says its fucking name to us?” “What the fuck? What the fuck do I have to dream about this for,” I say to Charlie, “Wasn’t I miserable enough?” “Jane,” fucking Charlie says to me, “Don’t you know this is the night you couldn’t look out for that little girl when you was at Cochran’s, and Swearengen come in and scared you and you went down to the creek to weep? That’s where the fuck you’re coming from. And, and, “Don’t you know,” he says, “This is the night you spirit that child from Cochran’s, and to where our stock was outside of camp, and we watched out on that little girl and sung to her, and you, with the presence of mind to continue the fucking round when I was too fucking stupid? And you said you would…(sighs) Row, row, row and I said…row, row, row your boat…and we had this…” (She pauses) “Now,” Charlie says to me, “Don’t you understand what I’m trying to tell you? Any evenings in your life you made mistakes, remember where even evenings you was as most ashamed as you ever thought you could ever be are able to wind up, and don’t fucking only remember the middle of the dream!” If I wonder why I dreamed that dream…yesterday you sent Mose to find me, and I was nearly dead-drowned drunk, and Mose made me get up, and you and me walked them kids to school, and before I went to sleep you kissed me.
Jane:    I drink what I’m able. If that comes to much—(sniffles) That’s the day’s affair and the liquor’s. You returning to the Bella Union?
Jane:    I expect care for them whore’s business areas is a big damn part of your income. ‘Sup, this is what you want me to do?
Jane:    I expect he pisses you off.
Jane:    I fell apart. I couldn’t look out for the little one. Fucker looked at me and I fell apart in front of him.
Jane:    I fine myself for swearing amongst the young. And just now, I need my money for booze.
Jane:    I got errands all morning myself. (sniffles) If you just heard me far, excuse me.
Jane:    I guess he’ll understand that if I don’t.
Jane:    I guess I…always spoke of him as “Armstrong” ‘cause he seemed puffed up to me, and “Armstrong” has a puffed up sound. (The children giggle, Jane pulls a chair up and sits.) Any quarrel with me continuing, James? 
Jane:    I guess I’ll leave it. (snickers) Refined spirits will sometimes convulse me. (She chuckles and leaves.)
Jane:    I had to come in here to look after the little one and I thought she might want me present.
Jane:    I have no fuckin’ idea (Jane pulls away from the wall abruptly) as far as you sayin’ one fuckin’ thing about anything I do or don’t, far as drinking or where I stand and nap or any other fuckin’ thing concernin’ me.
Jane:    I heard of a beating Charlie Utter dispensed to some cocksucker yesterday. I wonder if that’s connected.
Jane:    I hope that’s only the beginning of what they fuckin’ did to’m.
Jane:    I knew – if he was lying you was dead and feared finding you so in the darkness. Uh…(clears throat) Scared that way since I was small.
Jane:    I know another brave person here, too. (motions to Sofia, Sofia smiles) Several. (Motions to Martha.)
Jane:    I know him. (She goes back to tending his shoulder.) 
Jane:    I know it was dusk because it’s fucking night now. Fucking bruises everywhere.
Jane:    I know that’s some clever opening gambit to culminate in breaking my balls.
Jane:    I may not let you back.
Jane:    I may well get to that. (Joanie picks up the bottle fragments and walks across the room to throw them out.) Ample here, ain’t it?
Jane:    I might. (Doc does a Vanna to the entrance – Jane enters)
Jane:    I only wish some of Hearst’s pistoleros had come to test our mettle.
Jane:    I said they’d find a way to stop me. (Now we’re inside the hotel)
Jane:    I seen you in some stupid fuckin’ outfits in my time, but that one takes the prize.
Jane:    I should certainly fuckin’ hope so. (Joanie hands her a drink.) Thank you. (She holds the glass, contemplating the contents.) Murdered? Your friends?
Jane:    I think he’s dead, Doc.
Jane:    I think I’ve seen you.
Jane:    I will lay you out as soon as look at ya!
Jane:    I will when you do, you ugly son of a bitch.
Jane:    I-I was that shocked seeing you sleepin’ out here, Bill. First saw ya maybe an hour ago. Didn’t want to disturb me and the child, Charlie. Why, he must’ve sought entry to your room, wherever the fuck you were at.
Jane:    I’d’a bet a month’s wages that burial woulda took place in New York City. If I had a fuckin’ paying job.
Jane:    I’ll get him. He’s sleepin’ one off.
Jane:    I’ll probably join you directly. (Joanie pours a drink) Charlie says you lost your friends.
Jane:    I’ll see to the burying with you. I owe a visit up there anyways. 
Jane:    I’m askin’ you what her prospects are?
Jane:    I’m back in camp, Cochran, ‘cause I’m dying – and I need a place to breath my fucking last, and not for no human aid or consolation. (Doc – still fumbling with all the knots…) Jesus Christ, you’re bad with your hands! (Doc looks down at her) If I wasn’t practically fucking dead, I’d reach that knife (straining to point to her knife) and cut myself free. Yeah, I just farted. So what? (Doc takes her knife from her boot…) Hey! Hey! Hey! (Grabs the knife from Doc) Don’t you disarm me, you cocksucker! Lift me up so I can cut myself free.
Jane:    I’m done in there! Where would the Doc have got to?
Jane:    I’m gettin’ out. Goodbye and good luck.
Jane:    I’m in a position, you eternally meddling cocksucker.
Jane:    I’m sorry, I apologize.
Jane:    I’m sorry. About your husband.
Jane:    I’m telling you where she’s going. (She gets up and approaches Mose.) And why don’t you look for honest work?
Jane:    I’ve been drunk awhile, correct. What the fuck is that to you?
Jane:    I’ve got the self-same gift.
Jane:    I’ve never done that sober in my life.
Jane:    If Bill comes, I’m gonna move you (triangulatin’ hands toward Sophia) to that nice pallet (now moves her hands toward the far side of the room) over there, only ‘cause he’s far too big for it and so too would I be. So if you wake up on the pallet, that’s what happened. And him and me bein’ where we are (trangulatin’ hands back to the bed), is the circumstances of the room period and the grownups are just sleepin’. But don’t be afraid to, to, to, wake me up. (hands on hips – looks around) Alright. (sits down) Sweetheart, go to sleep. (Folds hands up on the side of her face like one of those sleeping precious moments dolls- miming sleep. Sophia does the same with her hands and rolls over on her side, shuts her eyes) I’m right here.
Jane:    If either of your fuckin’ eyes takes me for hidin’ I’m drinkin’ again, occasionally, it’s sadly mistaken. So desist from any clever odor references.
Jane:    If I did, I believe you’d already know. 
Jane:    If I had that mug on me, I believe I’d cut down gettin’ told how butt fuckin’ ugly I was by not starin’ at fuckin’ strangers. (Stops in front of Doc’s cabin) Sorry lookin’ cabin even in this shithole camp. Passers through has a right to make inquiries? A lead taker has it. (Frowns, breathing heavy as she approaches Doc’s cabin) I carried that fuckin’ child! No, not in my belly but, none of that fuckin’ blood…fuckin’ cocksucker! (Shakes the door handle in anger – the door opens, surprising her) It’s Jane Canary callin’ for Doc fuckin’ Cochran! You fuckin’ in there? I believe I’ll fuckin’ wait! (Enters the cabin) 
Jane:    If we held to that rule, we’d be mute like monks months at a fuckin’ time.
Jane:    If you made a decision not to tell me, what did you just fuckin’ tell me for?
Jane:    If you see Bill Hickok, or that sore asshole, Charlie Utter, could you tell him I looked to the stock?
Jane:    If you was alive—(laughs) why fuckin’ knock was my thinkin’. Interfere with you gettin’ to sleep or—bein’ asleep already—
Jane:    In care of a deputy deputized by the deputy Sheriff, who orders you to shut the fuck up! (She pounds the cell with the club, Jarry sits, she tosses the club to the side as she turns back toward Fields. He’s breathing easier now.)
Jane:    Into the fucking whorehouse down the way, which you fucking sent me to see that woman at, if needin’ to piss in my ear didn’t crowd out every other thought or recollection in your head!
Jane:    Into where what?
Jane:    Is it true? Indians killin' white people?
Jane:    Is Mose invited to the new destination? (They stand side by side looking at the room in front of them.) Because I’d think you’d need to widen some doorways if he is.
Jane:    Is that part of the superstition?
Jane:    Is that so? Oh, so did you go see Cy real quick? Did you pay a quick call on Cy? Did they stick some quick pricks in you?
Jane:    Is that some dilapidated-type fucking uniform? I scouted for fucking Custer.
Jane:    It didn’t do your face no fucking favors neither.
Jane:    It looks like I’m pressin’, I’m not. I’m not puttin’ any goddamned pressure!
Jane:    It’s Jane, Bill.
Jane:    It’s me, mister! Back with water. (Looks at Andy – motionless, eyes open) Are you dead?! (Bends down and pours water in his mouth – Andy spits it out) Ah! There you are. Chokin’ and coughin’ just like the rest of us. Ah. (Sits down) Saw the widow’s husband in the creek. ‘Less they’re keepin’ more than one body cool for shippin’ back east. Tied there, to wrapped up and floating like a lure for some huge fuckin’ fish. The widow’s got the little one now. I had her for a while but, I ain’t the type she should be with long-term. Fuckin’ drunk and so forth. And when I was down at the creek, I heard voices, and I went to where they were singin’, and I saw as they laid my poor fuckin’ Bill to rest…(Jane starts crying for a moment, she stops herself, blinks hard…) Now there’s a bird I ain’t never seen before. Shall I talk about it to you?
Jane:    Jane Cannary! Jane Cannary comin’ in. (Opens the door – Joanie looks to her side) Hello.
Jane:    Jesus Christ, easy easy easy easy. There’ll be conversations left and right. Don’t get too far up there on the fucking wrist.
Jane:    Jesus Christ! (Jane looks over at the Doc, he just looks at her, she opens her arms out slightly, palms forward like “WTF am I supposed to do about this?” Doc looks back down at what he was doing)
Jane:    Just ‘cause I’m lookin’ for a bottle I might have misplaced during my drinking days -- does not mean if I find a bottle…That I’m going to fuckin’ drink it. (She wanders down the alley by the stairs leading to the hold-up. She gasps in surprise seeing Tom Nuttall hunched over crying under the stairs.) Jesus Christ!
Jane:    Keep your fucking distance! (Doc looks up and over at the window) Remain on your side of the street! (We see Jane, hanging by one leg from her patient horse) Do not interfere with me in any way! Chinese cocksucker!
Jane:    Kiss my ass! (They go upstairs)
Jane:    Last thing required at a child’s sickbed, unlubricated drunk sweatin’ and fuckin’ vomitin’.
Jane:    Little fucking James, huh?
Jane:    Look at you. Listen to you, oh, my God in heaven. (Sophia opens the door and reveals Trixie sitting in a chair behind the door)
Jane:    Many years. Or is it a day or two? What’s important is you get to keep asking me questions so I don’t get to ask you one.
Jane:    Maybe I just fuckin’ might. (Horse whinnies)
Jane:    Maybe she’d enjoy, feelin’ the little one’s forehead. (Laughs) You’re probably enjoying your damn privacy with, Charlie headed for Cheyenne.
Jane:    Maybe Swearengen’s coordinating strategy ‘cause the Sheriff being gone campaigning his Deputy didn’t jump to take charge.
Jane:    Maybe you’d rather have some water? I’ll go get some from the creek. But if you don’t stop ‘pologizin’, I’m not gonna give ya a goddamn drop. Alright, Mister? I’m comin’ back with some water.
Jane:    Meaning, your husband.
Jane:    Millenary samples, ain’t that just perfect!
Jane:    Mornin’, Bullock. (Smiles- Jane seems to like what she sees.)
Jane:    Mose! Help, Miss Stubbs. I’m too afraid. (Mose goes running around to the front.) 
Jane:    Mrs. Bullock asks me to author with her to give the children an account of my scouting for Custer.
Jane:    My best friend died. (Starts to leave)
Jane:    Nah, I’m the fuckin’ drunk, ah…I might be seeing to sick people. But I’m gonna keep…this exact recollection of your lovely mug, an put a penny aside every time I curse. And that is my promise to you. And me too, we’ll see each other again down the road.
Jane:    Neither are you, fuckin’ Nigger General.
Jane:    Next you see her, (Charlie grabs the bucket, finishing the job for her) give her my congratulations.
Jane:    Nigger General ain’t quit drinkin’, we know that for fuckin’ sure. 
Jane:    No man better for the task. That Little Nigger General has a gift. Gets you to an attitude he’d have you and goes about his business. Leaves you to stand in wonderment. “What happened to change my mood?” Or change my opinion or decision, take money maybe I never featured I would, come fire or flood or the like. (drinks) That’s the Little Nigger General all over. 
Jane:    No you’re not fuckin’ wrong!
Jane:    No, I do not. I will clean my fuckin’ regular boots.
Jane:    No, I’m not the first. Who said I was the first? You think he’s the fuckin’ first? I’ve been fucked plenty! And tougher fucks than he was and little than her by plenty! They fucked me plenty! So you can go fuck yourself! (Sobbing)
Jane:    No! Turn around! (Joanie turns) Don’t go! 
Jane:    Not me. Not me. I never fuckin’ moved in.
Jane:    Not only will we not be quiet, you frog-faced fuck…(standing up, grabbing a club) I’m gonna take this stick and drag it back and forth across the bars of your cell. (She does, Hugo stands – yelling)
Jane:    Not that the arrogant bastard ever heeded others’ counsel. 
Jane:    Nothing out of the ordinary. The bank lady took her child to Ellsworth’s grave and I got drunk.
Jane:    Now that is the first giant step towards long-term understanding and friendship. (She hands Lou the bottle, Lou reaches for a mug) Do not employ a mug lest next we’d be donning white gloves. 
Jane:    Now, I’m gonna lay this cloth on your fuckin’ lips. (And proceeds to do so.)
Jane:    Of course we had years of practice. (Joanie opens the door quick to get something. Jane sits up.) 
Jane:    Off to the Bella Union like the moth to the fucking flame.
Jane:    Oh see, that’s just Miss Stubbs now answering my message I sent her by secret thinking, requesting unguent for my bruises. (She opens the door) Hello hello, Miss Stubbs.
Jane:    Oh, and it occurred to me to wonder why the fuck they didn’t do for the cocksucker right on the fuckin’ spot.
Jane:    Oh, get it the fuck away from me then.
Jane:    Oh, Goddamn you! Spillin’ my cleanin’ water too, Minister! (She wrenches the basin from him and shoves him onto the ground just outside the tent. She looks at him, frustrated, then helps him up from the ground). Oh. Oh.
Jane:    Oh, having no pull in that quarter, I’m tolerable confident, I am.
Jane:    Oh, he’s alright.
Jane:    Oh, I see. Well, you look your usual piece of shit.
Jane:    Oh, I’ve let her in on it. (Joanie looks confused) You needn’t tell a stretcher how it is you come to appear.
Jane:    Oh, is that so? That is too bad. Join the fucking club of the most of us. Let me tell you somethin’, Preacher. I see you skulkin’ around when the Doc comes in. You’re tryin’ to hide your fuckin’ eyes, tryin’ to hide your fuckin’ arm. You’re a fuckin’ mess. (Shakes the Rev’s shoulders) And I am in the process of wearin’ out my own fuckin’ welcome in this camp, and I wouldn’t expect to be around here much longer for people to be disgusted by so they don’t notice what the fuck is goin’ on with you! And you need to (grabs his head) think about some of these things and raise your nerve to consult with the Doc!
Jane:    Oh, really? I thought it—it was Giganto, the runaway circus elephant.
Jane:    Oh, really? Tomorrow. What's your fuckin' rush?! I'm goin' now. Even without Bill. Even without Charlie. I know the road to Spearfish. And I don't drink where I'm the only fuckin' one with balls!
Jane:    Oh, Trixie bein’ the fuckin’ whore?
Jane:    Oh, yeah? Well, here’s a pistol for whatever your spidery fuckin’ name is.
Jane:    Oh! (He stops and she stares seething at Mose, wide eyed.) 
Jane:    Oh! The sun ain’t rose on the day I pay heed to what you say! (sobbing)
Jane:    Oh. (Lifting a cheek – pointing to her butt) And this here is the ass (grabs her butt cheek) of a drunken shitbird. (Fields smiles, chuckling. They smile at each other.) Finish this with me…(she takes the bottle) If you can sit beside someone and not stink or fart.
Jane:    Okay, Giganto! Don’t tusk me to death with your tusks. (She steadies herself, sheathing her gun.) How long do I have to assemble myself?
Jane:    Or funerals what?
Jane:    Or I guess maybe I’ll just stay instead.
Jane:    People are fucking people, and that is fucked up! (Joanie comes down the alleyway and sees Jane.) You don’t know what the fuck I’m talking about, ‘cause you don’t know people. I..I know people and I know the way they fucking operate.
Jane:    Pissing yourself at the grave of your best friend and most admired person you’ve ever known, that ain’t cause for fucking dismay?
Jane:    Pitiful Specimen you are. (Jane helps Utter stand back up)
Jane:    Promise when I’m dead, you’ll plant me with a view of where Bill is.
Jane:    Question I wake to in the morning and pass out with at night: What’s my popularity with my fellow white people?”
Jane:    Really. Strange you never keeled over when we was hungry on the fuckin’ trail.
Jane:    Same damn wagon that broke down yesterday, Bill!
Jane:    Same wagon and no damn room to maneuver.
Jane:    Sent a dozen men out with their plague sores healed to go back to gettin’ ‘em on their johnsons. I will not be a drunk where he’s buried and I cannot stay fuckin’ sober. (Puts the lid back on her canteen) So you and every human being on earth past, present and future can drink mare’s piss.
Jane:    She no more needs a watchman than she does a fucking balloonist. And why should the young of this camp have to scurry past your man-toad figure to receive an education?
Jane:    She’s warm isn’t she?
Jane:    Short Nigger General in there?
Jane:    Shut the fuck up and read the message!
Jane:    Shut the fuck up, Mose! And don’t tease me at a crucial fuckin’ hour. (Mose pauses, collecting himself.)
Jane:    Shut the fuck up!
Jane:    Shut up then. (She lays back down.) 
Jane:    Shut up, Charlie. (smiling)
Jane:    Slept inside, in case you wasn’t aware. Miss Stubbs’ request. Thought she’d try someone competent keeping watch. (She grabs a watering can.) 
Jane:    So I got 5 days left before I got to leave.
Jane:    So whose blood’s on your fucking mug?
Jane:    So you can go fuck yourself. And don’t try and hasten anyone anywhere, ‘cause everyone follows their own fuckin’ pace, and don’t try and fuckin’ hasten them. (points her finger at the Doc.) And you happen to be fuckin’ overlookin’ that you think it’s just one day after another with the same fuckin’ seizure as if it happened the week before. And that just shows you how much you fuckin’ know. And what you pay attention to. Goddamn you!
Jane:    Some fucking day.
Jane:    Some left the tent upright. (blinking) Maybe I will have a fucking drink, just for sociability’s sake and ‘cause I’m a fucking drunk.
Jane:    Someone I need to go kill.
Jane:    Someone threw him there. Anyways, he’s better now.
Jane:    Sometimes it’s a fuckin’ blessing. (Dan approaches the corner and eyes Jane) What the fuck you lookin’ at? (Dan keeps walking) Like’s he’s a fuckin’ Adonis.
Jane:    Start down now you limey cocksucker! Allow for getting stuck crawling out from under the bed.
Jane:    Stay close. I might need you for support.
Jane:    Sure, what the fuck you askin’ me for? I don’t make the rules. (Jane puts her hat back on and grabs the lantern. Charlie puts his hat back on.) Wanna go back to the camp?
Jane:    Suspect someone else. When Bill’s killed a man, he says so and states his reasons.
Jane:    That it ain’t been previously swallowed. (Joanie nods, amused) Bourbon if you got it. (licks her lips.)
Jane:    That Joey passed this afternoon – bin sufferin’ awful. But that frog-lookin’ fellow left the tent…(Someone else is approaching the graveyard.)…that I found up in the woods? Left the tent fucking cured, pronounced by the Doc himself. In the dumbest lookin’ outfit a grown man ever wore. (Jane suddenly senses another’s presence and pulls her gun.) Who’s there, goddamnit?
Jane:    That’s beside the point, you shut up!
Jane:    That’s Bill Hickok’s robe you got there, that’s whose that is. (Jane snuggles up and Joanie spoons her.) Warm.
Jane:    That’s how you have to fuckin’ deal with him.
Jane:    That’s ignorant. I met him today.
Jane:    That’s not the fucking point. You just not be starting length and breadth conversations throughout the fucking camp or territory or so on. Or do I suppose now I take off my fucking undershirt or the like and show my tits and so forth!?
Jane:    That’s on Hostetler, according to the little Nigger General, if you’d understand what you fuckin’ read. Hostetler means to bring the horse back. Hostetler! “You’re right, Jane. I’m a fuckin’ moron as usual. What I should be doin’, being as you have no experience, (We see N.G. and Hostetler riding through the thoroughfare, leading the horse.) is helping you compose a telegraph back to little Nigger General as requested.” (Charlie gets up and watches them from the doorway.) 
Jane:    The limey cocksucker nearly did for the little one?
Jane:    The man didn’t listen—his basic fundamental problem. He’d look at hisself in the mirror when you’d make your report. Once I said to him how thin his waist was…(laughing) and how pretty I found his hair, just to get him to turn around, which he did—to tell me get out of his tent. (Mose peeks) So…I guess my lesson I got to teach you—listen and you won’t get scalped. And don’t look at yourself too much in the mirror. (standing, Martha starts to approach her) What else I found puffy—he traveled with a dozen caged animals like you’d see in some zoo in the east. Like we don’t have enough wild animals around here, huh? (She tips her hat and smiles. Finished.)
Jane:    The slimy limey cocksucker.
Jane:    Them as heals under my care stay fuckin’ healed.
Jane:    Then what’s it to him if she can open her eyes?
Jane:    There’s a child I know.
Jane:    They throw you out?
Jane:    They’ll get me there.
Jane:    This happens to be a rig and contraption of my own devising against repeated accidental falls that has temporarily malfunctioned.
Jane:    This succeeds, Bullock, what you’re trying to work out here, I will doff hat to you and no fucking mistake.
Jane:    To consider it to disturb us. Wouldn’t have truck with that…room clerk ghoul to get let into Charlie’s rather than sleep in the fuckin’ hallway, that’s the kind of man he is. I own you another fuckin’ penny. Owe you another one. I don’t know if you should ever learn English, never mind foul, spare you knowin’ how ignorant people are. But then I could tell you about Bill…sleepin’ in the hallway out a thought for others. And I know some other fuckin’ stories too. Owe you another penny.
Jane:    To go or leave, don’t or when
Jane:    Uh—what orphanage?
Jane:    Uh, formerly a cooperage.
Jane:    Uh, I best say no. My funds just now all go for liquor. 
Jane:    Uh, I’m up, I’m up, I’m up. I’ll get the hell out of here. (sniffles) 
Jane:    Uh, left arm still useful as an old man’s dick?
Jane:    Uh, where is it headed now I’m the occupant?
Jane:    Uh…I don’t guess it was plague.
Jane:    Uh…Maybe, maybe. It’s heads or tails where any fuckin’ day will take me. (They leave the room and head down the stairs. Shaunnessey sees them.)
Jane:    Very same cocksucker.
Jane:    Wait for me, goddamnit! Just hold on 'til I'm with ya.
Jane:    Wait’ll I take out Bill’s robe.
Jane:    Was he a road agent? Was he among them that did for her family?
Jane:    We slide these under the sled, lever the cocksucker vertical, tilt him further forward and drop him on the sofa.
Jane:    We’re a vacant structure, in case he ain’t fucking noticed.
Jane:    Welcome change from your usual odor of skunk. 
Jane:    Welcome the fuck back!
Jane:    Well why the fuck was you withholding that information?
Jane:    Well, evidently, I don’t remember fuck-all.
Jane:    Well, for your information, Mr. Millenary sample suitcase cocksucker, you’re staying in the former room of someone you ain’t fit to lick the boots of!
Jane:    Well, go get the fucking weapons for us to back him, Charlie.
Jane:    Well, have a safe journey to your unannounced destination and a safe fucking return. 
Jane:    Well, he can be the watchman then. I have no issue with that.
Jane:    Well, he irritates the hell out of me. (Seth enters, Jane jumps) Oh, I was just going, Sheriff. I thought I left a bottle in here. Must’ve left it in the shitpile outside. (She leaves quickly.)
Jane:    Well, I was drinkin’ down by the goddamned creek outta my own fuckin’ free will. (Leans on the wall next to Charlie) Where’s Bill?
Jane:    Well, I’da let you sleep as long as you wanted, Bill. 
Jane:    Well, lovely as it’s fixed as a brothel, I expect you will reopen soon enough, uh…(chuckles) restock and reopen.
Jane:    Well, we wish to fuck you would find something else to wish for. 
Jane:    Well, what’s it like then. I never had a sister.
Jane:    Well, when you re-the-fuck-open, note Jane Cannary extending stay in camp, asking you to turn out her horse.
Jane:    Well, ya ain’t buyin’ it, but you can have a fuckin’ drink.
Jane:    What a goddamned circus! Shit.
Jane:    What business or concern is that of yours?
Jane:    What do you think of my patient, Doc?
Jane:    What do you want?
Jane:    What for? What do you know about it? Who the fuck are you?? (Al looks at her and walks right by her) Hey, don’t you fuckin’ ignore me! (She hits his back and he turns back around).
Jane:    What fuckin’ friends did she lose anyway?
Jane:    What happened to this little one was the same exact cocksucker. (Alma doesn’t quite take her point) Um, seems he was the one pulling the strings in your husband’s fleecing and gettin’ him killed. This Swearengen operated the road agents that done for this little one’s people.
Jane:    What is that, your clever way of saying you smell whiskey on my breath?
Jane:    What the fuck are you looking at?
Jane:    What the fuck are you supposed to be?
Jane:    What the fuck is a whore doin’ with her?
Jane:    What the fuck is that to me?
Jane:    What the fuck is that?
Jane:    What you just read to me is a drunkard’s question. “What is state of affairs in camp with regards to the horse?” 
Jane:    What, is it fucking Tuesday already?
Jane:    What, is that “Thank you” in whale talk? (He coughs as Jane smiles at Joanie. She kneels down next to Mose) Drink this. (She offers him water.)
Jane:    What’d I say about noise? He snores the whole fuckin’ night!
Jane:    What’s a tree house doing way the fuck up there? I like them school kids.
Jane:    What’s that supposed to mean?
Jane:    Whatever you mean by this, I have been recently engaged in complicated negotiations with niggers…who equal any other creature walking upright being able to fuck themselves up.
Jane:    When did you start giving that cocksucker Swearengen a “by your leave” and “if you fucking say so”?
Jane:    Where are you going anyway?
Jane:    Where would the stage be?
Jane:    Where’s fucking Charlie to piss in my ear when he’s fuckin’ needed?
Jane:    Who gives a fuck?
Jane:    Who gives a fuck? Not me.
Jane:    Who is me? The fucking eclipse?
Jane:    Who runs that joint?
Jane:    Who the fuck am I fucking kidding or putting on airs in front of? (She starts to disrobe) I been disrobed in front of every…barnyard creature that hunts or pecks or rolls in the fucking mud. Who the fuck should I have shyness before or pride or the like, for Christ’s sake? What difference does it make? What the fuck do I have to be ashamed of at this late fucking date? (She takes off her undershirt) Who cares anyway?! (Joanie sponges off Jane’s arms) Now go ahead and sponge my fucking tits and get it over with if that’s what you fucking do.
Jane:    Why are we standin' here?
Jane:    Why didn’t you say somethin’, damn you? Owe you a penny.
Jane:    Why don’t you concentrate on the fuckin’ task at hand? (Sitting) Go on!
Jane:    Why in fuck, with me asking you in to play hot hands with me and Sofia, you stood there instead looking like you just did murder? (Hot hands! That’s what it’s called. Duh.) 
Jane:    Why is everybody fucking whispering all of a sudden?
Jane:    Why’s he got his arm on the Doc? You with that ugly fucker of your own free fuckin’ will, Doc?
Jane:    Will not stay in no fuckin’ hotel! They don’t want me. They won’t give me a room.
Jane:    Won’t be the first the worms work on.
Jane:    Would you kindly shut your fucking mouth? (Charlie stands up) Hey, what the fuck’s Bill’s coat doing here? (She sits up, in awe and confusion.)
Jane:    Yeah, he was already dead.
Jane:    Yeah, he’s okay in those.
Jane:    Yeah, I don’t know either. (chuckles) Ain’t our line I guess.
Jane:    Yeah, I’ll wait a little bit before I fuckin’ get in. (Contemplates the tub) Did it ever occur to you strange, bathin’ in a tub you’ve dirtied comin’ out thinkin’ you’re clean?
Jane:    Yeah, you fat fuck, you’re alive.
Jane:    Yeah. (Jane puts her head down – choking back tears) You oughtta get your husband outta that creek.
Jane:    Yeah. Maybe that’s where. I(Jane enters, sees Alma laying in bed) You look like shit. Oh, owe you a penny. (Jane quickly realizes where she is and yanks off her hat) 
Jane:    Yes, I am, you cocksucker!
Jane:    Yes, I fuckin’ remember.
Jane:    Yes! But my opening position is no.
Jane:    You ain’t got the fucking manpower to pull my ass up.
Jane:    You ain’t lied so far.
Jane:    You are an ignorant cocksucker.
Jane:    You are not my target, but keep botherin’ me and I’ll add you to the list.
Jane:    You gonna stick around the camp?
Jane:    You gonna tell me now who it was with?
Jane:    You got a dark turn a mind.
Jane:    You got that part down perfect, me and him.
Jane:    You got the biggest mouth in the Territory – you talk to him. Tell him whatever you want.
Jane:    You got your quiver full of words again, don’t you? (Andy chuckles) I found him in the woods. All’s he could say was “I’m sorry.” (Cy steps out onto the hotel porch, looking on.)
Jane:    You just shit yourself!
Jane:    You know he had a design to murder that little one.
Jane:    You probably got the right idea.
Jane:    You think I’m scared of you?
Jane:    You undertaker lookin’ sonofabitch. This little girl’s doctor ordered to live indoors and I’m assigned to change her dressings!
Jane:    You want me to canvas for whiskey?
Jane:    You’re fine. I am off duty. You’re on duty. (Slaps his shoulder) You can go fuck yourself!
Jane:    You’re putting yourself very much in danger, my friend. (sniffles) Very very very ver very very much in danger. (Jane leans over and pukes as Joanie helps her walk.) 
Jane:    You’re right, but I always called him (salutes) “General” to his face, and “Armstrong” behind his back. (She flexes)
Jane:    You’re supposed to look out for that madam, fucking asleep at the switch.
Jane:    You’re wrong not to trust him. He formed a party that found that little one among all the dead of her family.
Jane:    Yup. (She leaves)
